I am a little depressed right now
for that it will unfold not wanted it is always necessary to count his dreams
to get better
if anyone knows about dream interpretation has reported
because there I do not think it's really what's happening in
my subconscious
for February
you know I was surrounded by dancers a parade was dressed in
rose of course made them after
me who even had a shady country singer
one moment
Miss France has arrived
lt and dance in the plate of couscous
ouattara
the bill
but his mother who taught me how to do it
I do not know why the morale
and mat and that the team
no
but that's not too much of anguish
in my opinion the pandas and
he played really good rubik's cube
the
what disturbed me the most was it is beautiful reminder was not
as smiling as usual
from him
since
winger
the city
p
if I am here
as far as he acts of the world
thank you
m
you find it was monitor how are you